Clarify optional kernel features. (#1010)
KhronosGroup/SYCL-Docs: adoc/chapters/device_compiler.adoc

  * [code]#fp64#
  * [code]#atomic64#

In addition, the following {cpp} attributes from <sec:kernel.attributes>
correspond to optional kernel features for some integer constant values of
[code]#size#, since not all devices will support arbitrary work group and sub
group sizes.

  * [code]#reqd_work_group_size(size)#
  * [code]#reqd_sub_group_size(size)#

In order to guarantee source code portability of SYCL applications that use
optional kernel features, all SYCL implementations must be able to compile
device code that uses these optional features regardless of whether the
implementation supports the features on any of its devices.
For the two C++ attributes listed above, all implementations must be able to
compile kernels that are decorated with these attributes regardless of whether

> the implementation supports the specified work-group or sub-group size.

Reviewer: Slight nit:

```suggestion
a device supports the specified work-group or sub-group size.
```

Reviewer 2: Either way is OK with me.  The previous sentence say:

> ... regardless of whether the implementation supports the features on any of its devices.

we could use that same language here:

> ... regardless of whether the implementation supports the specified work-group or sub-group size on any of its devices.

Reviewer: That sounds good to me

Author: I made those changes, please verify.

  * [code]#fp64#
  * [code]#atomic64#

In addition, the following {cpp} attributes from <sec:kernel.attributes>
correspond to optional kernel features for some integer constant values of
[code]#size#, since not all devices will support arbitrary work group and sub
group sizes.

  * [code]#reqd_work_group_size(size)#
  * [code]#reqd_sub_group_size(size)#

In order to guarantee source code portability of SYCL applications that use
optional kernel features, all SYCL implementations must be able to compile
device code that uses these optional features regardless of whether the
implementation supports the specified work-group or sub-group size on any of its

> devices.

Reviewer 2: The change to this sentence is wrong.  This sentence refers to the optional features that correspond to aspects.  The next sentence is the one that refers to the required work-group and sub-group sizes.

Author: Yes, of course. I think I'm going cross-eyed here. Fixed now.
